exiperiment 6  
E-ticketing
problem statement

System
our project is carried out to thelop southware for online Railway Raxovation System This system has sonous optione lite reservation cancellation and to vew details about available souls our project mainly simulates the role of a Railway tillict booking officer in a computerized way
USE CASE DIAGRAM
The online ticket reservation Systen uses the
following we calet
1. Request for seat availability.
2 make Reservation.
3. Cancellation
4 Check Statul
5. print ticket
Actors involved
1. System
2 passenger


ACTIVITY DIAGRAM:
The activity diagram desisches the behaviour of the lysten
•Fast Shake is login where the passenger login to the E-Ticketing System
•The next stake is filling details the passenger are wied to fill the form.
Then passenger led to seleching the flight


CLASS DIAGRAM:


The class dengan also rettered to as subject marbling in the move Blatic analysis diperm. The problem domain deinkes the structure and the wlationships among clyuch
The online ticket revenation System mates wie of the following

1. ticket reservation
2. train Info
3. parssenger Info
4. Seat Avail status

SEQUENCE DIAGRAM:
The sequence diagram descibes the Sequence of steps to show
•passenger are wed to login the form And then its verity the wemame and password
• If the password and Wermame are correct then applicants are wed to login the filling details
• passenger are uled to selecting the train and book the tickets.

DEPLOYMENT DIAGRAM:
Deployment diagrams are wed to visualize the topology of the physical components of a system where the software Components are deployed

Experiment  7
SOFTWARE PERSONAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM

Alm: To Implement a sufturire for solfusare personal management System

problems statement.

Safturire personal management System allows employees to record time Card electronically of automatically generales pay Slips based on no of hours worked and total amount of sales The system will run on individual employee desktops where the employee can access and edit only their personal detaill

USE CASE DIAGRAM: ~~

The soltone personal management system use cater
Are:
1. Login, 2. Job Assigned
3. Viewsalary, view Employee details.
5. Generale payment slip, 6. Create DR.
7. Update DB 8. Delek DB.

Actors involved!
1. Employee
2. Administrator
3. Database managein

ACTIVITIK DIAGRAM: 3
The activity diagram notation is an action, partition, Park, Join and object node.
most of the notation is self explanatory two subtle points. Once an action finished there is an auto -matic outgoing transaction.
The diagram can show both Control flow and data flow.

CLASS DIAGRAM:

The class diagram is reffered as object modeling in the state analysis diagram. The main task of object modeling is to graphically show what each object will do in the problem domain
The Software personal management System class diagram Consists of four classes.
1. Employee class
2. Administrator class
3. Database manager class
4. payment class

SEQUENCE DIAGRAM
• A sequence diagram represents the sequence and interaction of a given ule-case
• It is also represented by the order in which things occur and how the objects in the system end message to one another

STATE CHART TRANSTION DIAGRAM:
• States of object are represented as rectangle with sound Corner, the transaction between different States
2011
• A tran sistion is a relationship between two stalk that indicates that when a an event occar the object moves from the prior State to the Subsequent

COMPONENT DIAGRAM!
component diagrams are wed to visulake and relationships among components in a system.

exiperment 8
CREDIT CARD PROCESSING
Aim: To create a system to perform the Credit card processing
problem Statement"
Credit card processing through of fire Phuakes the merchant collecting order information, storing this in a database on your site, and entering it using their on site merchant Credit card processing system.
USECASE DIAGRAM:

The passport Automation System use cafes
are:
1.Creating Account
2. credit card request
3. Bank Enquiry
4. Issuing Card
5. purchare the item
6. prepare the bill.
7. paying bill
Actors involved!
1. customer luler
2. Banker
3. Retailer

CLASS DIAGRAM:

The class diagram also referred to as object modeling is the main static analysis diagram The problem domain describes the structure and the relationships among objects.
phonenos int
email id: int
The credit card processing system class diagram consists of three classes. They are
alidate()
Iling()
1. Banke Y
2. Customer
3. Retailer

SEQUENCE DIAGRAM!
• A sequence diagram represents the sequence and interaction! of a given use case or scenariu.
enquiry
.Df is alto represented by the order in which things excur and how the objects in the system end message to one another
COLLABORATION DIAGRAM:
Collaboration diagram and Soquence diagram are alfemale representations of an interaction. 
A collaboration diagram is an interaction diagram that shows the Order of messages that & implement an operation or a transaction

STATE CHART DIAGRAM:
• State of object are represented as rectangle with round Corner, the transaction between different states
• A transition is a relationship between two state that indicates that when an event occer the object moves from the prior state State to the Subsequent
